# CS360
•	Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs is this app designed to address?
The weight tracker app is a system designed to give users the ability to define a goal weight and track their progress towards that goal weight.
•	What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
To meet the user’s needs, several screens were required. There needed to be screens to add/update a goal weight, add/up daily weights, and a screen to view the history of weights added. To give the user more flexibility when it comes to keeping taps on being close to their goal weight, there is also a feature added to alert the user once they have reached their goal weight. Each user is also able to create their own account to ensure data security.
•	How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?
I first determined the features required to meet user needs. I then brainstormed on a user interface that portraited these features. After brainstorming, I designed a simple wireframe for the user interface. Once I felt comfortable with these areas, I moved to coding the main screens along with their functionality, testing as I progressed.
•	How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?
I began by utilizing IDE features such as debugging, and unit tests. I also used the IDE modulator to get some hands on and get a feel for the application. When no further bugs or issues were discovered, I built the APK and tested the application on my personal device. The step es extremely important because it allows developers to remove any hidden bugs. Bugs that would damage user experience prevent future business. A fitting example if this is that it wasn’t until I ran the app on my personal device that I noticed the input fields had white text. If this bug remained, a user would not be able to see the data typed in the text boxes.
•	Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
The entire development process posed many challenges, however the area that to major effort was separating profile data. I needed a major refresh in databases to ensure the app not only pulled the right profile data for login, but also to ensure a user did not have access to another user’s data.
•	In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I am most proud of the main screen. I was able to display knowledge in the utilization of the floating action button, text, and image components, scrolling when data was displayed off screen, and disabling buttons when a criterion is not met.

